feat(adopters): add sendinblue (#11741)
backstage/backstage: ADOPTERS.md

| [Tink](https://tink.com/)                                                   | [Sebastian Olsson](https://github.com/Sebelino), [Błażej Szum](https://github.com/blazejszumtink), [Anders Eurenius Runvald](https://github.com/anders-er-at-tink)                                                                                               | Internal developer portal which provides templates for creating new Java or Go microservices seamlessly. Also includes a tech radar and a visualization of our CD pipeline.                                                                                                                                                                          |
| [Brandwatch](https://brandwatch.com)| [Stefan Buck](https://github.com/stefanbuck) | Our primary focus is on the service catalog. Backstage is replacing our homemade service catalog. The switch was quite simple due to the catalog processor API.

> | [Sendinblue](https://engineering.sendinblue.com/)| [Tanguy Antoine](mailto:antoine.tanguy@sendinblue.com) | Helps us drive the change at scale. Puts light on services services, resources and dependencies. One tool that rules them all through plugins we created for that purpose. We are aiming to put Backstage at the center of every developers work (Actionnable items, Debugging, Monitoring, Provisioning, etc...) to improve their happiness  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [Sendinblue](https://engineering.sendinblue.com/)| [Tanguy Antoine](mailto:antoine.tanguy@sendinblue.com) | Helps us drive the change at scale. Puts light on services, resources, and dependencies. One tool that rules them all through plugins we created for that purpose. We are aiming to put Backstage at the center of every developer's work (Actionable items, Debugging, Monitoring, Provisioning, etc...) to improve their happiness  |
```
